[theme song starts]
[computer blipping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[Aelita panting]
[Jeremy through computer] Aelita! Hurry!
Yumi's only got ten life points left!
Get ready, girls! I'm starting up
the devirtualization process!
Activated towers, Lyoko battles, danger.
Aren't you guys starting
to get sick of all this?
-No.
Well, sometimes,
I really wish we were done with XANA!
Uh… You missed an episode, Ulrich!
Remember, Aelita is carrying
a miserable virus
that links her to our old friend XANA.
Bye bye XANA means bye bye Aelita!
And I don't know how to create
an antivirus.
I mean, not just yet.
Hey! I have an idea.
Why don't we explore the new mysterious
sector we discovered?
Sector Five?
But we don't know what's in it!
Sure we do.
There are monsters, ultra-dangerous traps
and a Scyphozoa, as you call it,
that wants to steal Aelita's memory.
You're right, but what if
there's something else there?
Like information about XANA.
We have to go back.
-Good idea. All three of us will go.
-You mean, all four of us.
I wanna be part of this expedition.
With that Scyphozoa slinking around?
No way!
[Aelita] What if there's a tower
to deactivate? Think about it!
I have to be there!
Come on, Einstein!
With bodyguards like us,
she has nothing to worry about.
-And I promise to be careful.
-[Jeremy] OK.
[Jeremy] Tomorrow night… exploration.
[gasps]
Oh, my gosh! It's so late!
My parents must be going bananas.
Bye! See you tomorrow!
And as for us, we missed dinner again.
[Odd] And when I think
it was spaghetti and meatballs!
[car honking]
[tense music]
[door creaks open]
-[gasps]
-Yumi,
we need to talk.
[Mr. Ishiyama] You come home
late every single night.
Tonight is the last straw!
It's past ten o'clock.
And you didn't even bother
to telephone us.
And you haven't eaten anything either.
What's going on, dear?
If you have a problem,
you know you can tell us.
No, really, everything's fine.
I was studying math at Maïtena's house.
I told you already.
-Maïtena Lecuyer?
-[nods]
Hmm… That's strange. When I called her,
she was studying… by herself.
[Mrs. Ishiyama] You're lying to us,
Yumi. That's not like you!
What's the matter with you?
I worry about you, sweetheart.
[Mrs. Ishiyama] Tell me
what's bothering you.
I promise you that everything's just fine!
You saw my last report card.
[Yumi] It was great.
So, why worry about me?
[Mr. and Mrs. Ishiyama sigh]
[door creaks open]
[sighs]
[Mr. Ishiyama sighs]
I'm concerned, Takeho…
We're going to have to get
a lot more strict.
[theme music]
It's nice of you to come with me,
but I'm big enough to go to school alone,
-really I am.
-You are?
If you were,
then you would stop lying to us
and tell us why you come home
so late all the time.
Are you gonna watch me 24 hours a day?
Is that it?
Am I in prison, or something?
We're trying to understand
you and to protect you too.
Oh wow! The entire Ishiyama family.
I bet that you'll be
picking me up as well, huh?
I'll be waiting for you here
at five o'clock.
[Mr. Ishiyama] I advise you
not to be late.
Oh, isn't that adorable.
[all giggle]
[Yumi] They're not going to ease up on me.
Oh, what a mess!
The worst thing is, I hate lying to them.
Just explain to them that we're fighting
in a virtual universe against
a demoniac Artificial Intelligence.
That ought to reassure them.
Dork.
You've got to win back their trust in you.
I think maybe you should stay away
from Lyoko for a little while.
[Yumi] What about exploring Sector Five?
It's for tonight, isn't it?
Don't worry. Jeremy will give you
play-by-play update.
[Jeremy] Promise!
Come on, guys! I know you're all dying
to go to Mrs. Hertz's class. Off we go.
[Jeremy] Did you study
for the marine biology test?
Of course I did. Listen. Fish are
remarkably well adapted to water,
-what's more, they can swim.
-[Jeremy] You are so lame.
[everyone laughs]
[action music]
[Jeremy] Off to the Forest Sector.
[Jeremy] Transfer Ulrich.
Transfer Odd.
Transfer Aelita.
Scanner Ulrich.
[Jeremy] Scanner Aelita.
Scanner Odd.
[scanning]
[computer chirping]
Virtualization.
[all gasp]
-[Jeremy] Everything OK?
-[Odd] We're good.
The monsters must be sleeping.
They need all the sleep they can get
to recover from all the grief
we've been giving them.
You have to get to the other end
of the sector to take the Transporter.
I'm gonna materialize your rides.
[computer chirping]
[theme music]
-[cheering]
-[gasps]
-[Odd] Yeah!
-Odd! You promised to be careful!
[Odd] No problem!
Go straight ahead and hurry up
before the monsters get there.
[Aelita] We made it, Jeremy.
[Jeremy] OK. I'm layering the coast.
"Scipio."
[computer whirring]
-[Odd] There's the Transporter.
-[all gasp]
-[Yumi] Are you there, Jeremy?
-[Jeremy] Yumi?
-[Yumi] Everything OK?
-Yumi?
[Yumi] Everything OK?
[Jeremy] Yeah, they're in the Transporter.
-All is well.
-Tell them I'm thinking about them.
[sighs]
-[Jeremy] Happy campers?
-Yep.
I'm beginning to get used
to these little trips.
Ugh… not me. I shouldn't have had
that fifth desert at lunch.
Jeremy, the wall is about to open!
Right, meaning the countdown
is gonna start.
You've got to find a way to deactivate it.
That must be the answer
to exploring further.
[Jeremy] Watch it, guys.
[Ulrich] Everything will be fine.
Odd promised to be careful.
It's started.
You know what'll happen
if Aelita loses her life points, right?
[Ulrich] Don't worry.
We have no intention of losing her.
The last time, there was a big room
at the end of this hallway.
[Jeremy] I got a feeling
the architecture of the Core Zone
changes each time you go there.
[Aelita panting]
[Odd] That's a great help
for finding our way around.
If we knew everything,
we wouldn't be exploring.
-Come on, let's go!
-[Aelita gasps]
[Jeremy] Look out!
You've got two Creepers on your tail.
Laser arrow!
You've only got three minutes left
to stop the countdown. Get going!
That way.
Come on.
[gasps]
[Ulrich] Haven't we already been
through here?
How should I know? Everything looks
the same in this place.
[Aelita grunts]
This way!
[grunts]
[Ulrich and Aelita grunt]
[monitor beeping]
Wow! Forty life points in one go!
Those Creepers
sure are powerful!
[Creeper roars]
-They're powerful, and really ugly too.
-Jeremy? Any ideas?
No, but I've got news for you.
You're in a labyrinth!
[Jeremy] Make a left
at each fork and leave a mark there.
If the way is already marked,
then make a right.
[Odd] This is incredible!
We'll never get out of this thing!
[Jeremy] You'd better!
Just two minutes left to find a way
to stop the countdown!
[gasps]
We're out, Jeremy! We made it!
[Odd] Nothing like having
a little luck on your side.
[Odd] Hey, Einstein,
why complicate things, huh?
[Aelita panting]
[Odd gasps]
[Ulrich] Oh, great. Now what do we do?
[Odd] Jeremy, can you see anything
from your end?
[Jeremy] So you need me again, huh?
[computer beeping]
Go back to where you were.
I spotted a mechanism on the wall.
Hurry! Time is running out!
-[Aelita] There!
-[Odd grunts] Me at it.
[Odd grunting]
[grunting]
[Jeremy] Fourteen…
Thirteen… Twelve… Eleven…
Ten…
Nine…
Eight… Seven…
Six… Five…
-[Odd yells]
-[Jeremy] Four…
No!
-[Ulrich screams]
-[Aelita] Ulrich!
[Ulrich groaning]
-[gasps]
-[Creeper roaring]
Aelita! The countdown is over.
The room is bound to change now.
[mechanical whirring]
[Jeremy] You OK?
Well, no more Creepers. That's a start.
Don't worry. I'll rematerialize Odd
and Ulrich and I'll get you out of there.
Come on, come on.
[computer beeping]
[tense music]
[Jeremy] Oh, no!
Aelita, Odd and Ulrich didn't come back.
What?
But, that's impossible. Are they lost?
For the moment they are.
So, there's no rematerialization
from Sector Five?
[Jeremy] Sure there is…
Once we find the right program.
And do you think you can find it?
It's probably as easy
as finding your antivirus!
But don't worry.
I'm gonna do the impossible!
[theme music]
Hiroki, could you make
some more noise, please?
Sorry, Yumi.
The volume's as high as it goes.
-Hiroki.
-[Hiroki groans]
Go into the other room, Hiroki. Go on now.
[videogame noise]
[mobile vibrates]
I pass.
Me too, I pass.
Then the game is over!
[chuckles]
-I have five points more than you!
-On the goban, yes.
Don't forget that I played the whites.
With komi, I win by half a point.
[groans]
[yawns]
Well, it's bedtime.
Good night.
Good night, my dear.
Jeremy?
-How's it going?
-Badly, head for the factory.
Jeremy, can you hear that?
[beeping]
It's the Scyphozoa.
It's heading towards you.
Stay calm. Yumi's coming.
Yumi? Can I come in?
I want to talk to you for a minute.
[gasps]
Yumi!
[panting]
[grunts and gasps]
-Jeremy? I'm in the elevator.
-You have to get to Aelita in Sector Five.
The Scyphozoa is there!
[Yumi] What about Odd and Ulrich?
-[Jeremy] You want the best-case scenario?
-[Yumi] I'd rather.
[Jeremy] I've got about a one
in a million chance
of finding the right code
to bring them back.
[gasps]
[theme music]
[yawns]
So sorry to bother you
at such a late hour, Headmaster Delmas!
But we're so worried!
Yes, yes, I understand.
But it's quite possible that Yumi
is somewhere on the campus.
Why, sure! She's probably hanging around
with her little gang of friends! Come on!
[Jeremy] You're on the edge
of the territory, Yumi.
Better be careful.
XANA is gonna do all he can to keep you
from taking the Transporter!
-[laser blasting]
-[Yumi groans]
[grunting]
Jeremy! Enter the code!
[Yumi groaning and panting]
Yah!
Yumi?
[Jim] Huh? No one is here.
[Mr. Delmas]
No one in Stern's room either!
-[Sissi] Looking for someone?
-[Mr. Delmas] Hmm… Sissi!
Would you know where your friends Stern,
Belpois and Della Robbia might be?
Probably up to no good, as usual,
but I don't know where, although…
[Sissi] their little mascot
can find them for you.
[Mr. Delmas] Mascot?
[Mr. Delmas]
What mascot?
[Sissi] Ta-dah!
-A filth-ridden mangy mutt!
-[dog panting]
Huh! Excuse me, Mister Delmas!
Ugh!
Hey, little puppy…
Where's your master, huh?
-[Jim] Huh?
-Go get him!
-[dog barks]
-[Mr. Delmas groans]
[gasps]
Let's follow him.
[Mr. Delmas] Hmm…
[chuckles evilly]
Hang in there, Aelita! Yumi's on the way!
[Aelita] I hope so.
Yumi! Can you hear me?
[Yumi] Yes. I'm in the Arena!
The Transporter got to me just in time!
Horrible Kankrelat!
[Jeremy] Listen up now!
You have to get to the corridor
and trigger the mechanism
-before the countdown runs out! OK?
-OK.
If I'm right about
how the core zone functions,
my plan should work!
[owl hooting]
[Jim] Huh!
What's the matter with that hound?
[Jim] Oh! I don't believe it!
[Jim] This reminds me
of when I used to work in the sewers.
You… huh… used to work
in the sewers, Jim?
I'd rather not talk about it.
[gasps]
[Jeremy] Only two minutes left, Yumi!
[groans]
[groans and yells]
[alarm blaring]
Down to ten points, Yumi!
This isn't not the time to mess up!
[grunts]
[groans]
-[Jim] That's weird.
-[dog barks]
-Yah!
-[growls]
Jim, we're wasting time.
[Jim] Give me.
Will you let go of that slippery flip?
Come on! Let go of it.
Yah!
[theme music]
[gasps]
[groaning]
Yumi, this is no time to drag your feet!
[grunting]
[Jeremy] Let's look at the mechanism!
It's on your right!
You have ten seconds.
-[alarm beeping]
-[Yumi panting]
[Jeremy] Two seconds!
[Yumi] It works, Jeremy.
[Jeremy] The whole zone
is being reconfigured.
[Aelita gasps]
[Jeremy] We did it!
Aelita, take the access behind you.
[groans]
[gasps]
Wow! It's some kind of elevator!
[Jeremy] You know
what we do with elevators, right?
We ride them!
[gasps]
[Aelita] Yumi!
[Jeremy] Try to grab Aelita as you go by!
[Aelita gasps]
Where are you taking me?
I have no idea.
[both groan]
[both panting and groaning]
[Yumi] There's an interface.
[Aelita] I can get it.
[digital whirring]
-Incredible!
-What?
[Aelita] It's unbelievable!
This interface gives access…
to XANA's own data!
Huh?
Sector Five… is where XANA lives!
[Yumi] XANA is not
a very good housekeeper!
There are some weird things
hanging around this place!
[Aelita] I've got access
to all kinds of data! It's crazy!
[Jeremy] Look for
the specific devirtualization code
for Sector Five!
If you find it,
we can save Odd and Ulrich!
[computer blipping]
[manta rays growling]
Jeremy,
I'm going to need the Overwing.
[Jeremy] Oh, oh, bad news!
When Aelita is working on that interface,
I can't do anything from my end.
I think I found it!
I'm transmitting it to you,
OK! I'm taking over again now.
[all groan]
[Mr. Delmas] What would a nice girl
like Yumi be doing here?
[Jim] Where are we anyway?
-Jeremy, the Overwing now.
-[Aelita gasps]
[Jeremy] It's on the way.
How do we get out of here?
[Aelita] There are some tunnels.
-[laser blasting]
-[Yumi] They're closed.
[Jeremy] Let's see.
Tunnels… What if…
What if they corresponded to those
that open into the Arena?
[action music]
[Jeremy] Yippee! It works.
Nice one, Einstein!
-[Aelita] Yumi!
-[Yumi yells]
[groans]
[Aelita] Jeremy!
I got out through a Way Tower.
[Jeremy] OK, now get to a neutral tower!
I'll bring you in!
OK, I'm ready, Aelita!
[Jeremy] Code Earth.
[digital whirring]
[Aelita] It's OK, Jeremy! I'm here!
But what about the others?
[Jeremy] I'm entering the new code!
Materialization Yumi!
Materialization Odd!
Materialization Ulrich!
Now all we can do is hope.
[panting]
[both coughing]
-Yeah!
-Oh! We did it!
Odd, how do you feel?
-Say something!
-"Something"…
[theme music]
[sniffing]
-Kiwi!
-Yumi!
What are you doing here?
[Mr. Delmas] I believe you all
have some explaining to do!
[gulps]
-[groans]
-[Mr. Delmas] Hey! Huh?
[Jim] Ha!
Trying to outsmart me, huh?
What the… Belpois!
What…
-What is this place?
-[Jeremy] Nothing rings a bell, Jim?
[Jeremy] Funny 'cause you've been
here before!
What are you talking about?
I don't remember this.
-Well, yes and no.
-Huh?
[Jeremy] Return to the past now.
[unintelligible chatter]
So then… you still refuse to give us
an explanation?
[Yumi] Alright, I'll tell you!
[sighs]
I'm in love!
Oh, Yumi! I knew there was a reason.
And will you tell us
your boyfriend's name?
No, sorry, I won't, mom!
[chuckles]
See you tonight.
Hmm…
[groans]
Well, that sure seemed to satisfy
your parents! What did you tell them?
-The truth.
-Mmm?
[sighs]
[theme music]